"Sammy's Children's Day"
(Episode 2)
Boss! Boss!
Boss, are you okay?
Are you alright?
Are you hurt, Boss?
Boss, your hand is bleeding so much!
I'm fine.
Why are you all shouting?
How's your hand?
Boss, you've lost a lot of blood.
Ahao...
Who's Ahao?
Ahao, are you okay?
I think that was Liuyi's old name.
Sister...
Sister!
Ahao!
I'm okay.
What are you doing?
What do you think you're doing?!
Get lost!
Get away from him!
Back off!
Sister...
Get out of here!
Don't you dare bully him!
Get lost!
Ma'am! Ma'am!
Go!
Beat it!
Back up! Everyone back up!
He's just a kid! Get lost!
Nobody touches Ahao!
Ahao...
Ahao!
Ahao, are you hurt?
Did they hurt you, Ahao?
Ahao, are you okay?
It's all my fault.
It's because of me.
Sister...
It's all because of me.
Sister!
I'm the one to blame.
I didn't protect you.
Sister,
it's me, Ahao.
Look at me.
I'm fine now.
Ahao is perfectly fine.
Ahao is okay.
He's alive and well.
Ahao is fine.
Sister, I'm taking you home.
Let's go home.
Ahao is okay.
Let's go.
Ahao...
Come on.
Ahao!
Stop looking.
My backpack...
Isn't that 'Twin-Blade Xia'?
Who's that guy with him?
Doesn't look like a gangster.
What are you doing?
What do you think you're doing?
If my sister loses a single hair,
you're a dead man.
Can we take the back alleys?
What are you afraid of?
I'm right here.
I'm just worried my dad will see me.
If he sees me with a gangster,
he'll be worried sick.
I'm Twin-Blade Xia!
What's there to fear?
I shouldn't have to hide, okay?
I should at least have that much clout.
That's not what I meant.
Fine, alleys it is.
Move it!
How's your sister doing?
She's asleep.
Feel free to look around.
Okay.
Cross the threshold of the hall,
The soul of the rider stands tall.
Keep loyalty deep in your heart,
Or two blades will tear you apart.
Why aren't you coming in?
I'm not joining the triads.
You've learned a lot today.
You know too many of our secrets.
If you don't cross that line,
then I'll have no choice
but to kill you.
You're not going to kill me.
You just saved my life.
Killing me now would be a waste of effort.
Besides, I don't think you're the type
to just kill people for no reason.
You're the legendary Twin-Blade Xia
of the Xiaoqi Hall.
You're meant for greatness in the gang.
I'm just an unarmed college student.
I'm not even worth your time to kill.
I've gotta say,
you're quite the smooth talker.
A four-eyes like you
wants to be my lackey?
I wouldn't even take you.
Who said I wanted to be your lackey?
Nobody's asking.
Help me bandage this up.
Okay.
This might sting a bit.
Just bear with it.
Who do you think I am?
I've been getting hurt
since before you could read.
This is nothing.
He Chusan, why are you being so rough?
I'm not!
Stop faking it.
I knew you were trouble.
Messing with the
script to play in my face,
tattling to my sister...
I can tell you're up to no good.
Don't think I don't see through you.
I just can't be bothered to deal with you.
Well, aren't you the bigger man.
Smart-ass.
Xia Liuyi.
Add "Brother" to that.
Brother Liuyi.
You have a cut on your face too.
Come here, let me clean it.
By the way,
backstage back then,
what did Xiaoman ask you?
She asked me what love is.
And what did you say?
I didn't get a chance to answer.
Truth is, I don't really know either.
This is the first love story I've ever written.
It was terrible.
But I read somewhere
that love
is what happens
when someone risks everything
to save another person.
Brother Liuyi,
why did you save me?
He Chusan,
you really are
incredibly annoying.
[Three different books about
romanance or romance stories]
Ah San!
You're back.
Look at you.
You were out all night.
You didn't even show up at Fei Jie's.
What happened to your head?
Tell me the truth.
Did someone bully you out there?
No.
Dad,
can you tell Fei Jie for me
that I won't be in for the next two weeks?
I've recently
joined a new research project,
and it's really busy.
So yesterday,
you were at school?
Then your head...
A little black dog bit me.
It's fine.
By the way, Dad,
I wanted to ask...
If someone
gets startled easily
and then loses their grip on reality,
is there a good prescription
to help calm them down?
Hey, college boy. You're early today.
Brother Ma.
No filming today?
The Boss's wife is sick, so we're off.
That little black dog...
Where's Brother Liuyi?
Who do you think you are?
Does the Boss have to report to you?
Four-eyes.
Come here.
Brother Ma, could you please
give this
to the Boss's wife?
It's a calming powder my dad made.
And this
is the answer she wanted.
Do you really think
that going out with the Boss a few times
makes you a big shot?
Do you know who she is?
You think she'll just take medicine
from some random nobody?
You little punk.
She asked for it herself?
Pay up, pay up!
I'm in a good mood today,
so I'll let you off easy.
Thanks, Brother Ma.
Go do your job.
Hurry up!
Deal the cards.
Let's keep going.
Money! Give me the money!
It's a love letter.
Love...
Boss.
Just now,
that college kid
asked me to give a letter to your wife.
The lead actor said
it's a love letter.
What kind of crap are you talking?
Get out!
Sister.
It's me,
Liuyi.
You're here.
I've been collecting from some shops lately.
The owner of Guanshansong gave me a bunch of stuff.
Do you like it?
What's wrong?
Why haven't you been at the shrine lately?
You should stay there for a few days.
None of you are ever there.
I don't want to live there alone.
Where's Brother?
Isn't he staying with you?
He just pops in occasionally
and then disappears for a long time.
Brother...
He's like a seagull.
He's a very busy man.
What about you?
You're busy too.
You never come to see me.
Is it because...
Because you think I'm sick
and won't recognize you?
No.
That's not it.
I didn't mean to.
I... I don't know what happened.
You were just in shock.
It wasn't your fault.
Ma'am, it's time for your medicine.
I've been listening to the doctor lately.
I take my medicine on time.
I'll get better soon.
Good girl.
Liuyi,
you know,
actually,
I'm not really sick.
I
just get a little anxious.
It bothers me
that I have to take medicine so often.
And it bothers me
that I
get anxious so easily.
It bothers me that he never comes to see me.
And it bothers me that...
What is it?
He doesn't love me.
He doesn't.
How could that be?
Brother Chengqing, you don't love me.
I'm Liuyi.
Sister!
Brother Chengqing,
you say you love me,
but why do you rarely hold me?
When you do hold me,
I look closely at you.
Your soul isn't here.
Your eyes...
It's like they're looking
at someone else far away.
You don't love me.
Where is your soul?
Sister!
Your soul has flown away,
just like that seagull.
I'm Liuyi.
Sister!
You don't love me.
If you don't love me, why did you marry me?
Sister!
Why?
Who is it that you really love?
Sister!
Sister, it's me.
I'm Liuyi.
I'm Liuyi!
Liuyi?
Liuyi...
It's okay now.
Li... Liuyi.
I...
Did I just...?
It's okay.
It's okay, it's okay.
Brother Chengqing, you don't love me.
Your eyes...
It's like they're looking at someone else far away.
Boss,
Brother Liuyi is waiting for you.
What are you doing here?
I heard you were hurt.
Why don't you stay here tonight?
You can take the guest room.
Brother,
is there someone else?
What are you talking about?
Sister says you don't love her.
She says your heart
belongs to someone else.
Do you remember
what you said when you
begged me to marry Xiaoman?
Do you?
You're almost twenty.
What do you want for your birthday?
Will you give me anything I want?
Of course.
You know I'd do anything for you.
I want
Xiaoman to be my sister-in-law.
You said
you wanted the three of us
to be a real family
and stay together forever.
I agreed
because
that's what I wanted too.
And
that's all I wanted.
So don't ever say that again.
There's a nice Western
restaurant in Tsin Shui Wan.
I'll take her there in a few days.
Brother...
Brother,
can't you just truly love her?
Nice tie today.
It's been a week.
A whole week without any filming.
Xia Liuyi hasn't shown up either.
I have no idea
when I can go back to school.
If I don't go back soon,
they'll probably expel me.
Brother Liuyi,
you're here.
Brother Liuyi, you're really good at pool.
Watch closely.
I'm watching.
How is it?
Well?
How's your injury?
Are you blind?
Stop talking nonsense.
What about your sister?
What are you getting at?
My dad gave me a new doctor...
No,
my dad gave me a new
prescription for calming the nerves.
And some medicine for healing bruises.
It's for you and your sister.
I don't know
if you'll find it useful.
I knew something was up with you.
Do you have a crush on my sister?
No!
Then why are you being so nice to her?
I heard that while I was away,
you were asking everyone about her.
I was just worried about both of you.
Liuyi,
are you bullying Chusan again?
No.
No, not at all.
Chusan, are you okay?
It's just my ear...
My ear is a bit thick.
It doesn't hurt.
Yeah, Sister,
we were just messing around.
Right?
Right, Chusan?
What's this?
These are for you.
Supplements.
They're health supplements.
Sister,
you look beautiful today.
Really?
Yes.
Brother Chengqing is taking me to a Western restaurant
for steak today.
The steak there is delicious.
Chusan, do you like steak?
I've never had it.
Western food is too expensive.
One meal would cost me
a whole month's allowance.
Then why don't you come with us?
Brother Chengqing will pay.
Consider it a thank-you for the letter.
No way.
Liuyi,
be more generous with your friends.
It's not that, Sister.
It's not about being generous.
Let's go together.
There's plenty of room.
Come on.
Let's go.
I didn't ask to come.
Let's go!
Please come again.
Good evening, Mr. Hao.
You reserved a Christmas-themed table for two.
Should I change that to a table for four?
We can just sit over there.
Sister, Brother,
you two sit there.
Okay.
It's rare to see you make a friend.
Take good care of Chusan.
Will do.
This way.
Let's go over there.
Tell me,
don't they look perfect together?
If you don't know how to use those,
just use your hands.
Excuse me.
Can we get some chopsticks?
Sir, this is a Western restaurant.
Nobody uses chopsticks for Western food.
Chopsticks.
Do you understand?
We're Chinese.
We should use chopsticks when we eat.
Very well, sir. One moment.
You talk too much.
Xia Liuyi,
thank you.
And thanks for saving me the other day.
Don't flatter yourself.
You're working for me,
so that makes you my lackey.
Taking care of my brothers
is what a boss does.
(I am not your lackey.)
Once I finish this script,
we're done.
Even if you were dying in the street,
I wouldn't give you a second look.
Your chopsticks, sir.
Thug.
Brute.
Wolf in sheep's clothing.
Monster.
Heartless bastard.
He Chusan,
it's still good if you pick
it up in three seconds.
Brother Chengqing,
it's so beautiful here today.
Do you remember?
Actually, you've
brought me here before.
Back then,
we spent Christmas together.
We had a barbecue nearby
and set off fireworks.
Liuyi was being so mischievous,
he even got burned by a firework.
I'm not bringing you next time.
I'm sorry.
You got it on my clothes.
This shirt was expensive.
I'll wash it for you.
I'm so sorry.
Liuyi is still as mischievous as ever.
Yeah.
That kid's temper
is getting more and more out of control.
Brother Chengqing,
am I a bit boring?
Of course not.
Why would you think that?
Is it the steak?
Is it not to your liking?
Try some of mine.
Brother Chengqing,
let's get a divorce.
Are you feeling okay?
Did you bring your medicine?
No.
I'm perfectly lucid.
And I'm very calm.
You...
You don't love me.
If our marriage
is just one-sided on my part,
then it's a mistake.
Xiaoman...
I've known for a long time.
I just didn't want to admit it.
I thought
that since I love you
and you've always been so good to me,
we would surely be happy.
But I was wrong.
Love isn't just what you see.
It's what you feel in your heart.
You're good to me
because we're family.
But what I want...
What I want is romantic love.
I'm sorry.
You didn't have to admit it so quickly.
Couldn't you have
just lied to me for a bit?
I'm sorry.
You...
You don't need to apologize.
In the beginning,
I never even asked how you felt.
I'm the one who dragged us both
into this situation.
Liuyi won't agree to this.
Liuyi...
He's just too worried about me.
All this time,
even though I'm the older sister,
he's the one who's been protecting me
and giving me everything I need.
Let's wait until the movie is finished.
Once filming is over,
I'll tell him.
I'll tell him with you.
Brother Chengqing,
can you
tell me who it is
that you really love?
I'm sorry.
Hao Chengqing,
you really are a bastard.
Alright, alright, don't rush.
Everyone will get one.
This one's yours.
Take your time.
Thank you, thank you.
Come back if you like it!
Thanks a lot.
What's going on here?
Why is it so crowded?
There's a new movie coming out.
I heard it's pretty good.
Is that so?
Look at this.
Heroic Shadows.
Starring Xia Xiaoman.
(Executive Producer: Xia Liuyi
Scriptwriter: He Chusan)
Do you want to see it?
Not really.
You should go with your dad.
It'll be fun.
Look,
Produced by Xia Liuyi.
Fei Jie,
my dad loves Cantonese opera.
He's not into these modern movies.
I heard
that the Walled City Temple is putting on
The Reincarnation of the Red Plum tonight.
If my dad knew,
he'd be thrilled.
Really?
Yeah.
Do I have time to change?
Yes, it starts at seven.
Is that right?
Yes.
But this actress is very pretty.
Let's go, let's go.
Look, Boss.
So many flower baskets.
Boss,
half the big shots in Hong Kong
are here today for the premiere.
Boss,
are they going to announce
that you're the new Young Master of the Hall?
Don't talk nonsense.
I'm telling you,
they
all invested in this movie.
They're here because they want their share of the box office.
Of course they'd show up.
What Young Master?
Stop talking trash.
If I catch you spreading rumors,
I'll cut your tongue out. Understand?
Well, the movie is about to open.
That madam
is going to be famous all over the city.
That's right, that's right.
Of course.
Sister will be so happy.
And the Boss...
he'll be happy too.
It's almost time.
I'm going to pick up Brother and Sister.
You guys keep an eye on things here.
Don't worry.
We've got it.
Alright, this way.
Come on, come on.
Take good care of the investors.
Brother!
Sister!
Ahao...
Don't come any closer!
Get down from there!
Get down, Sister!
Come here.
Don't scare me like this, Sister.
Sister, what's wrong?
Please, come back.
Sister!
Liuyi...
Liuyi!
Brother!
Aren't these my Green Dragon twin blades?
Brother,
I'm getting you out of here.
Lean on me.
Xia Liuyi!
I thought you were so tough.
Aren't you the top enforcer?
If you've got the guts, come out
and collect your brother and sister's bodies.
I really want to see
which is faster—your blade
or my bullet.
Infuriating.
Spread the word.
Xia Liuyi killed the Green Dragon boss
and drove his crazy sister to jump.
The whole Xiaoqi Hall is out to catch the traitor.
Dead or alive.
Yes, sir!
Don't move.
Don't make a sound.
Get me some styptic powder
and some gauze.
Yes.
Xia Liuyi?
It really is you, you bastard.